I want the first screen you see to be more of a welcome screen. A highly efficient summary of the most important information for that upcoming day. I also want there to be a section on the dashboard that regenerates daily with a quote that is motivating and kind preferably from a powerful female but it is ok if it's not, it is also ok for Jarvis to have his own quotes those should be bakery punny. On the dashboard/first screen you see there should be a section titled Problems that need to be fixed. This should include fields for severity, location, problem, and what ever else you see making it complete and effective, maybe a completed toggle that will hide it from the main screen while saving the information and any added notes. The first screen should also have a "forward 5 look" This will allow an overview of the next five days giving convenient access to Scheduling, meetings, important upcoming events, etc. there should be a message board with any new announcements or posts from any employees. I also want to build an entire inventory management system that is multi dimensional ultimately utilizing api from our multiple vendors to do real time price comparisons on different products, ultimately putting together orders for each vendor selecting what is needed based off our inventory management and creating lists based on price for each vendor. There should also be an upload/ snapshot function so people can take pictures of physical invoices that were received and it can be parsed and stored, I would think from this we would particularly be interested in the qty, product, price, vendor ( some mapping will be needed so building out that functionality as user friendly as possible is paramount. As we build out this beautifully integrated platform each product will have recipes, SOPs, cost points, etc. this brings me to my SOP generator. With each recipe there should be an SOP but I believe the SOPs should be uniform when exported / printed with the Bears cup Logo on it. The time and date it was printed etc. the generator should be so simple and intuitive. There also needs to be an inventory side to all of this. I see inventory maybe as its own app that feeds into the overall platform ? Basically there will be a master list with par amounts that are overridable but are initially Jarvis estimates based on the relationship between orders and inventory. The end of day inventory should be like this. The employee is logged into the app with there unique user if and they click start inventory, next they’ll need to select whether it’s for the kitchen, FOH or Bakery. Then it will be a prompt for each item on the list where they have to enter the amount in house and hit next to see the next item. When they’re done there is complete button so we know it was finished. 

